Episode 5, George.
In the five years that followed Hemsworth College, Elizabeth
and I completed our degrees and began our working lives.
Miki never went to university; he flew straight back to
Ankhazastan and began his rule, leaving us no way to contact him.
This was 1994.
The Internet was still a new thing and we couldn’t
just exactly email him or message him on Facebook.
We expected to follow his progress on the news, but Ankhazastan hardly ever made the news.
There was the odd story about a new dam being built
or their national day celebrations… and that was it.
Then, one day and quite out of the blue, I received a
letter – in a very formal envelope with an Ankhaz stamp on it.
Miki!
Excitedly, I tore it open to find a simple message written
on a piece of paper from “the Office of the President”.
It said:
Greetings George!
I really miss you guys.
Fly to Ankhazastan.
Come to the Presidential Palace and present this invitation to see me anytime.
Don’t be shy.
Come!
Love,
Miki
The next day, I met Elizabeth for a coffee and showed her the card.
She had received one too.
“Should we go?” she asked.
“ I think we should,” I replied.
“We haven’t seen or heard from that bugger for five years now.
Lord knows what he’s up to over there.
And we’ll get to visit the ‘Presidential Palace’.
It sounds pretty glamorous.”
“The way the invitation is written, he expects us to show up at his doorstep.
I mean… what if he’s having dinner with his mum or something?” mused Elizabeth.
I laughed.
“It seems sincere, though.
And the three of us were really close once.
Let’s just do it.”
“How about the end of next month?” asked Elizabeth.
I nodded my head.
“Sure.”
“ I tell you what I’ll do,” she said.
“I’ll go get the tickets right now.
I’ll put them on my card, and you can pay me back later.
I’ll find out how we can get visas.
Wanna join me?”
“I have a meeting at four,” I said, shaking my head, “but
I’ll reschedule my calendar and make time for the trip.”
We both stared out of the window for a few moments.
We would be going to Ankhazastan.
What an amazing adventure it would be!